# Study Notes - Book Intros (Biblica)

**Biblica Study Notes (Book Intros)** © 2023 Biblica Inc. Released under CC BY\-SA 4\.0 license. *Biblica Study Notes* has been adapted in the following languages: Tok Pisin, Arabic (عربي), French (Français), Hindi (हिंदी), Indonesian (Bahasa Indonesia), Portuguese (Português), Russian (Русский), Spanish (Español), Swahili (Kiswahili), and Simplified Chinese (简体中文)from *Biblica Study Notes* © 2023 Biblica Inc. Released under CC BY\-SA 4\.0 license by Mission Mutual



--------------------------------

## Leviticus (id: 499064)

**What is the book of Leviticus?**

* Leviticus is an account of events in Israel’s history. It’s recorded as a collection of many laws and some stories. They were passed down within Israelite and Jewish families for hundreds of years. God spoke the laws to Moses and the people of Israel.
* It’s thought that Moses wrote some of these laws and stories down. It’s thought that he wrote them down between the years 1450 and 1410 BC.
* Others were written down by other Israelites.

**Who was this book written for?**

* For the people of Israel.

**Why was Leviticus written?**

* To record the laws that God gave the Israelites. These laws were part of God’s covenant with them. They were about worshipping God and living according to God’s way.
* To explain the blessings and curses of the Mount Sinai covenant.
* To describe the work of Levi’s family line. In the Hebrew language Leviticus means about the Levites. Their work was to lead the Israelites in worshipping God.

**Main ideas**

* Instructions for offerings and sacrifices.
* Practices that set Israel apart from other nations.
* Rules for priests and their special work.

**Outline**

**Laws about offerings and sacrifices (1 – 7\).**

**The priests start serving the Lord (8 – 10\).**

**Laws about being clean and pure (11 – 15\).**

**Atonement day or the day when sin is paid for (16\).**

**Laws about being holy (17 – 27\).**

* **Associated Passages:** Leviticus 1:1

