# Study Notes - Book Intros (Biblica)

**Biblica Study Notes (Book Intros)** © 2023 Biblica Inc. Released under CC BY\-SA 4\.0 license. *Biblica Study Notes* has been adapted in the following languages: Tok Pisin, Arabic (عربي), French (Français), Hindi (हिंदी), Indonesian (Bahasa Indonesia), Portuguese (Português), Russian (Русский), Spanish (Español), Swahili (Kiswahili), and Simplified Chinese (简体中文)from *Biblica Study Notes* © 2023 Biblica Inc. Released under CC BY\-SA 4\.0 license by Mission Mutual



--------------------------------

## Judges (id: 499068)

**What is the book of Judges?**

* Judges is an account of events in Israel’s history. It’s recorded as a collection of stories. These were passed down within Israelite and Jewish families for hundreds of years.
* These stories were written down by Israelites. It’s thought that some were written down between 1375 and 1050 BC. Others were written down later.

**Who was this book written for?**

* For the people of Israel.

**Why was Judges written?**

* To show what happened among the Israelite tribes in Canaan after Joshua died.
* To record the stories of the tribes’ work to drive the Canaanites out. The stories show how the Israelites didn’t stay committed to the Mount Sinai covenant.
* To record the stories of 12 leaders who were called judges. They led in different areas of the nation of Israel.

**Main ideas**

* The pattern of sin, suffering and salvation happened over and over again.
* God used leaders who were faithful to him. He also used leaders who weren’t faithful to him.
* The Israelites failed to live as a kingdom of priests and a holy nation.

**Outline**

**The Israelites didn’t drive out all the Canaanites (1\).**

**The pattern of** **sin, suffering and salvation is described (2:1 – 3:6\).**

**12 judges who led after Joshua (3:7 – 16:31\).**

**The Israelites didn’t live as a kingdom of priests or a holy nation (17 – 21\).**

* **Associated Passages:** Judges 1:1

