# Study Notes - Book Intros (Biblica)

**Biblica Study Notes (Book Intros)** © 2023 Biblica Inc. Released under CC BY\-SA 4\.0 license. *Biblica Study Notes* has been adapted in the following languages: Tok Pisin, Arabic (عربي), French (Français), Hindi (हिंदी), Indonesian (Bahasa Indonesia), Portuguese (Português), Russian (Русский), Spanish (Español), Swahili (Kiswahili), and Simplified Chinese (简体中文)from *Biblica Study Notes* © 2023 Biblica Inc. Released under CC BY\-SA 4\.0 license by Mission Mutual



--------------------------------

## Esther (id: 499078)

**What is the book of Esther?**

* The book of Esther is a story from Jewish history. The events took place during the time when the Persian government ruled. This was between the years 486 and 465 BC. This story was passed down within Jewish families for hundreds of years.
* It’s thought that Mordecai wrote this story down.

**Who was this book written for?**

* For Jews living in the kingdom of Persia and all Jews after them.

**Why was Esther written?**

* As a record of Jews living in the Persian kingdom.
* To explain how the Feast of Purim began.

**Main ideas**

* Enemies of the Jews wanted to completely destroy the Jews.
* The Jews were rescued from these enemies.
* The Feast of Purim honoured and celebrated the time when the Jews were rescued.

**Outline**

**Esther becomes queen of the Persian kingdom (1 – 2\).**

**Haman’s evil plans against Mordecai and the Jews (3 – 4\).**

**Esther’s wise and clever plan (5 – 7\).**

**The Jews are rescued (8 – 10\).**

* **Associated Passages:** EST 1:1

