# Study Notes - Book Intros (Biblica)

**Biblica Study Notes (Book Intros)** © 2023 Biblica Inc. Released under CC BY\-SA 4\.0 license. *Biblica Study Notes* has been adapted in the following languages: Tok Pisin, Arabic (عربي), French (Français), Hindi (हिंदी), Indonesian (Bahasa Indonesia), Portuguese (Português), Russian (Русский), Spanish (Español), Swahili (Kiswahili), and Simplified Chinese (简体中文)from *Biblica Study Notes* © 2023 Biblica Inc. Released under CC BY\-SA 4\.0 license by Mission Mutual



--------------------------------

## John (id: 499038)

**What is the book of John?**

* The Gospel of John is a collection of stories about Jesus. It includes Jesus’ words and teachings. The stories and teachings were passed down by Jesus’ followers who lived and worked with him.
* John told his gospel story in a new and different way from the other gospel writers. Yet the stories and teachings recorded by John agree with the gospels of Matthew, Mark and Luke.
* It’s thought that John wrote his gospel down between the years AD 85 and 90\.

**Who was John written for?**

* For Jewish and Gentile believers who lived throughout the lands controlled by the Roman government.
* For people who didn’t know who Jesus is.
* Followers of Jesus recognise that John’s gospel shares the truth about Jesus. It’s for all people everywhere.

**Why was John written?**

* To help believers throughout Roman lands understand more about Jesus and follow him faithfully.
* To help people who didn’t know about Jesus to believe that he is the Messiah and God’s Son.
* To invite everyone to receive the gift of eternal life from Jesus.

**Main ideas**

* Jesus as the Word of God, the Messiah and the Son of God.
* The seven I am statements.
* The seven signs Jesus did that show he is the Messiah.
* The seven witnesses to Jesus.

**Outline**

**The Word became a human being (1:1–18\).**

**The beginning of Jesus' work and service (1:19–51\).**

**Jesus teaches in public and performs seven signs (2 – 11\).**

**The last week of Jesus’ life (12 – 19\).**

**Jesus is raised from the dead (20\).**

**Jesus spends time with the disciples (21\).**

* **Associated Passages:** JHN 1:1

