# Study Notes - Book Intros (Biblica)

**Biblica Study Notes (Book Intros)** © 2023 Biblica Inc. Released under CC BY\-SA 4\.0 license. *Biblica Study Notes* has been adapted in the following languages: Tok Pisin, Arabic (عربي), French (Français), Hindi (हिंदी), Indonesian (Bahasa Indonesia), Portuguese (Português), Russian (Русский), Spanish (Español), Swahili (Kiswahili), and Simplified Chinese (简体中文)from *Biblica Study Notes* © 2023 Biblica Inc. Released under CC BY\-SA 4\.0 license by Mission Mutual



--------------------------------


## Galatians (id: 499043)

**What is the book of** **Galatians?**

* The book of Galatians is a letter from Paul.
* It’s thought that Paul wrote it around the year AD 49\.

**Who was Galatians written to?**

* To the believers in Galatia. Some were Jews but most were Gentiles.
* The area of Galatia included the cities of Antioch in Pisidia, Iconium, Lystra and Derbe. Paul had helped start churches there on his first journey. The letter was read out loud in the churches all around the area of Galatia.
* Followers of Jesus recognise that Galatians shares the truth about Jesus. It’s for all people everywhere.

**Why was Galatians written?**

* To help the Galatian believers clearly understand the good news about Jesus. This would help them believe only true teachings about the good news.
* To show the Galatian believers how to live together as God’s family.

**Main ideas**

* How Paul learnt the good news about Jesus and became an apostle.
* People being made right with God by having faith in Jesus.
* The law and the freedom that believers have.
* The Holy Spirit and the fruit of the Spirit.

**Outline**

**Greetings (1:1–5\).**

**The Galatians turn away from the good news (1:6–10\).**

**How Paul learnt the good news about Jesus and became an apostle (1:11 – 2:21\).**

**The law and the good news (3 – 4\).**

**Instructions about how to live as a Christian (5:1 – 6:10\).**

**Saying goodbye (6:11–18\).**

* **Associated Passages:** Galatians 1:1

