# Study Notes - Book Intros (Biblica)

**Biblica Study Notes (Book Intros)** © 2023 Biblica Inc. Released under CC BY\-SA 4\.0 license. *Biblica Study Notes* has been adapted in the following languages: Tok Pisin, Arabic (عربي), French (Français), Hindi (हिंदी), Indonesian (Bahasa Indonesia), Portuguese (Português), Russian (Русский), Spanish (Español), Swahili (Kiswahili), and Simplified Chinese (简体中文)from *Biblica Study Notes* © 2023 Biblica Inc. Released under CC BY\-SA 4\.0 license by Mission Mutual



--------------------------------

## Ephesians (id: 499044)

**What is the book of Ephesians?**

* The book of Ephesians is a letter from Paul.
* Paul was in prison when he wrote this letter. It’s thought that he wrote it around the year AD 60\.

**Who was Ephesians written to?**

* To believers in southwestern Asia Minor. Some were Jews but most were Gentiles.
* The oldest copies of this letter don’t say that it was to believers in Ephesus. This means that it was a general letter to churches in several cities. The letter was read out loud in churches all around Asia Minor. This included the church at Ephesus.
* Paul hadn’t met all the believers he was writing to.
* Followers of Jesus recognise that Ephesians shares the truth about Jesus. It’s for all people everywhere.

**Why was Ephesians written?**

* To talk about God’s plan for the whole world.
* To describe who Jesus Christ is and what the church is.

**Main ideas**

* Having peace through Christ.
* Being saved through having faith in Jesus Christ and by God’s grace.
* Christ’s work mattering for everything that God made.
* The church as a body, as a temple and as somewhere people belong as citizens. The church as God’s family and as Christ’s bride.

**Outline**

**Greetings (1:1–2\).**

**God’s plan for the world (1:3–14\).**

**Paul’s first prayer for the believers (1:15–23\).**

**God’s plan to save people and make them one in Christ (2:1 – 3:13\).**

**Paul’s second prayer for the believers (3:14–21\).**

**How the church can live according to God's plan (4:1 – 6:20\)**

**Final greetings and blessings (6:21–24\).**

* **Associated Passages:** EPH 1:1

