# Study Notes - Book Intros (Biblica)

**Biblica Study Notes (Book Intros)** © 2023 Biblica Inc. Released under CC BY\-SA 4\.0 license. *Biblica Study Notes* has been adapted in the following languages: Tok Pisin, Arabic (عربي), French (Français), Hindi (हिंदी), Indonesian (Bahasa Indonesia), Portuguese (Português), Russian (Русский), Spanish (Español), Swahili (Kiswahili), and Simplified Chinese (简体中文)from *Biblica Study Notes* © 2023 Biblica Inc. Released under CC BY\-SA 4\.0 license by Mission Mutual



--------------------------------


## Colossians (id: 499046)

**What is the book of** **Colossians?**

* The book of Colossians is a letter from Paul. Timothy helped Paul write it.
* Paul was in prison when he wrote this letter. It’s thought that he wrote it around the year AD 60\.

**Who was Colossians written to?**

* To the believers in the city of Colossae. Some were Jews but most were Gentiles.
* The letter was read out loud in the churches all around the area of Colossae.
* Followers of Jesus recognise that Colossians shares the truth about Jesus. It’s for all people everywhere.

**Why was Colossians written?**

* To tell the Colossian believers how Paul was doing while he was in prison.
* To oppose teachers who were teaching things that weren’t true.
* To teach believers how to live their new life in Christ.

**Main ideas**

* Jesus Christ is Lord of everything that exists.
* All teachings that don’t announce Jesus as Lord are false.
* Believers live a new way of life because of Christ.

**Outline**

**Greetings and prayer (1:1–14\).**

**Who Christ is (1:15–23\).**

**Paul’s work among the Gentiles (1:24 – 2:5\).**

**Believers are complete in Jesus Christ (2:6–23\).**

**Living a new life in Christ (3:1 – 4:1\).**

**Final greetings (4:2–18\).**

* **Associated Passages:** Colossians 1:1

