# Study Notes - Book Intros (Biblica)

**Biblica Study Notes (Book Intros)** © 2023 Biblica Inc. Released under CC BY\-SA 4\.0 license. *Biblica Study Notes* has been adapted in the following languages: Tok Pisin, Arabic (عربي), French (Français), Hindi (हिंदी), Indonesian (Bahasa Indonesia), Portuguese (Português), Russian (Русский), Spanish (Español), Swahili (Kiswahili), and Simplified Chinese (简体中文)from *Biblica Study Notes* © 2023 Biblica Inc. Released under CC BY\-SA 4\.0 license by Mission Mutual



--------------------------------

## 1 Thessalonians (id: 499047)

**What is the book of 1 Thessalonians?**

* The book of 1 Thessalonians is a letter from Paul. Silas and Timothy helped Paul write it.
* It’s thought that Paul wrote this letter from Corinth around the year AD 51\.
* The New Testament includes two letters from Paul to the church in Thessalonica. This is the first letter.

**Who was 1 Thessalonians written to?**

* To the believers in the city of Thessalonica. Some were Jews but most were Gentiles.
* The letter was read out loud in the churches all around the area of Thessalonica.
* Followers of Jesus recognise that 1 Thessalonians shares the truth about Jesus. It’s for all people everywhere.

**Why was 1 Thessalonians written?**

* To share Paul’s joy that the Thessalonians were staying faithful to Jesus.
* To explain Paul’s work among them.
* To answer questions that Thessalonian believers had asked Paul. These questions were about death and about Jesus’ return to earth.

**Main ideas**

* Paul encourages the church in Thessalonica.
* Paul’s work as an apostle.
* Instructions about holy living.
* Jesus’ return to earth.

**Outline**

**Paul gives thanks for the Thessalonians’ faith (1\).**

**Paul explains his work as an apostle in Thessalonica (2:1 – 3:10\).**

**Paul prays for the Thessalonians (3:11–13\).**

**Paul encourages the Thessalonians (4:1 – 5:22\).**

**Final greetings (5:23–28\).**

* **Associated Passages:** 1TH 1:1

