# Study Notes - Book Intros (Biblica)

**Biblica Study Notes (Book Intros)** © 2023 Biblica Inc. Released under CC BY\-SA 4\.0 license. *Biblica Study Notes* has been adapted in the following languages: Tok Pisin, Arabic (عربي), French (Français), Hindi (हिंदी), Indonesian (Bahasa Indonesia), Portuguese (Português), Russian (Русский), Spanish (Español), Swahili (Kiswahili), and Simplified Chinese (简体中文)from *Biblica Study Notes* © 2023 Biblica Inc. Released under CC BY\-SA 4\.0 license by Mission Mutual



--------------------------------

## 2 Thessalonians (id: 499048)

**What is the book of 2 Thessalonians?**

* The book of 2 Thessalonians is a letter from Paul. Silas and Timothy helped Paul write it.
* It’s thought that Paul wrote this letter from Corinth between the years AD 51 and 52\.
* The New Testament includes two letters from Paul to the church in Thessalonica. This is the second letter.

**Who was 2 Thessalonians written to?**

* To the believers in the city of Thessalonica. Some were Jews but most were Gentiles.
* The letter was read out loud in the churches all around the area of Thessalonica.
* Followers of Jesus recognise that 2 Thessalonians shares the truth about Jesus. It’s for all people everywhere.

**Why was 2 Thessalonians written?**

* To encourage, comfort and teach the Thessalonian believers.

**Main ideas**

* Judgement against those who treat the Thessalonians badly.
* Jesus’ return to earth.
* Working hard for what they need.

**Outline**

**Paul prays for the Thessalonians and gives thanks for them (1\).**

**Comfort about the day of the Lord (2\).**

**Prayer and warnings about those who don’t want to work (3:1–15\).**

**Final greetings (3:16–18\).**

* **Associated Passages:** 2 Thessalonians 1:1

