# Study Notes - Book Intros (Biblica)

**Biblica Study Notes (Book Intros)** © 2023 Biblica Inc. Released under CC BY\-SA 4\.0 license. *Biblica Study Notes* has been adapted in the following languages: Tok Pisin, Arabic (عربي), French (Français), Hindi (हिंदी), Indonesian (Bahasa Indonesia), Portuguese (Português), Russian (Русский), Spanish (Español), Swahili (Kiswahili), and Simplified Chinese (简体中文)from *Biblica Study Notes* © 2023 Biblica Inc. Released under CC BY\-SA 4\.0 license by Mission Mutual



--------------------------------

## 1 Timothy (id: 499049)

**What is the book of 1 Timothy?**

* The book of 1 Timothy is a letter from Paul.
* It’s thought that Paul wrote it around the year AD 64\.
* The New Testament includes two letters from Paul to Timothy. This is the first letter.

**Who was 1 Timothy written to?**

* To Timothy while he was working and serving in the church in Ephesus.
* Followers of Jesus recognise that 1 Timothy shares the truth about Jesus. It’s for all people everywhere.

**Why was 1 Timothy written?**

* To teach Timothy how to lead the church in Ephesus.
* To help Timothy deal with people who were teaching things that weren’t true.
* To encourage Timothy to remain strong and to keep growing in his faith.

**Main ideas**

* Teaching Timothy to use his gifts from the Spirit to serve the church faithfully.
* How to live and worship God in holy ways.
* Jesus as the go\-between for God and people.

**Outline**

**Greetings (1:1–2\).**

**Opposing false teachers and holding onto faith in God (1:3–20\).**

**Worship services in Ephesus (2\).**

**Church leaders in Ephesus (3\).**

**Timothy as an example for other believers (4\).**

**Timothy dealing with different groups in the church (5:1 – 6:19\)**

**Final instructions (6:20–21\).**

* **Associated Passages:** 1 Timothy 1:1

