# Study Notes - Book Intros (Biblica)

**Biblica Study Notes (Book Intros)** © 2023 Biblica Inc. Released under CC BY\-SA 4\.0 license. *Biblica Study Notes* has been adapted in the following languages: Tok Pisin, Arabic (عربي), French (Français), Hindi (हिंदी), Indonesian (Bahasa Indonesia), Portuguese (Português), Russian (Русский), Spanish (Español), Swahili (Kiswahili), and Simplified Chinese (简体中文)from *Biblica Study Notes* © 2023 Biblica Inc. Released under CC BY\-SA 4\.0 license by Mission Mutual



--------------------------------


## 2 Timothy (id: 499050)

**What is the book of 2 Timothy?**

* The book of 2 Timothy is a letter from Paul.
* It’s thought that Paul wrote it between the years AD 66 and 67\. It’s thought that he wrote it not long before he died.
* The New Testament includes two letters from Paul to Timothy. This is the second letter.

**Who was 2 Timothy written to?**

* To Timothy while he was working and serving in the church in Ephesus.
* Followers of Jesus recognise that 2 Timothy shares the truth about Jesus. It’s for all people everywhere.

**Why was 2 Timothy written?**

* To share Paul’s thoughts about his life. Paul believed he would soon be put to death.
* To give instructions to Timothy.

**Main ideas**

* God’s word can be trusted.
* Timothy must remain faithful to Jesus.
* Timothy must complete the work God had given him to do.

**Outline**

**Greetings (1:1–2\).**

**Paul encourages Timothy to be faithful to Jesus as he works and serves (1:3 – 2:13\).**

**How Timothy should act (2:14–26\).**

**Paul’s example of being faithful and warnings about pretenders (3:1 – 4:5\).**

**Paul prepares for the end of his life (4:6–18\).**

**Final greetings (4:19–22\).**

* **Associated Passages:** 2 Timothy 1:1

