# Study Notes - Book Intros (Biblica)

**Biblica Study Notes (Book Intros)** © 2023 Biblica Inc. Released under CC BY\-SA 4\.0 license. *Biblica Study Notes* has been adapted in the following languages: Tok Pisin, Arabic (عربي), French (Français), Hindi (हिंदी), Indonesian (Bahasa Indonesia), Portuguese (Português), Russian (Русский), Spanish (Español), Swahili (Kiswahili), and Simplified Chinese (简体中文)from *Biblica Study Notes* © 2023 Biblica Inc. Released under CC BY\-SA 4\.0 license by Mission Mutual



--------------------------------

## Titus (id: 499051)

**What is the book of Titus?**

* The book of Titus is a letter from Paul.
* It’s thought that Paul wrote it around the year AD 64\.

**Who was Titus written to?**

* To Titus while he was working and serving in the churches in Crete.
* Followers of Jesus recognise that Titus shares the truth about Jesus. It’s for all people everywhere.

**Why was Titus written?**

* To teach Titus how to lead the churches in Crete.
* To give clear instructions about choosing church leaders and what they should be like.

**Main ideas**

* How the good news about Jesus changes people’s lives and the way they act.
* Organising the churches in Crete.
* Dealing with people who teach things that aren’t true.
* Holy living and doing good.

**Outline**

**Greetings (1:1–4\).**

**Church leaders in Crete (1:5–9\).**

**The problem of false teachers (1:10–16\).**

**Families in Crete (2\).**

**God’s kindness and doing good to others (3:1–11\).**

**Final greetings (3:12–15\).**

* **Associated Passages:** Titus 1:1

