# Study Notes - Book Intros (Biblica)

**Biblica Study Notes (Book Intros)** © 2023 Biblica Inc. Released under CC BY\-SA 4\.0 license. *Biblica Study Notes* has been adapted in the following languages: Tok Pisin, Arabic (عربي), French (Français), Hindi (हिंदी), Indonesian (Bahasa Indonesia), Portuguese (Português), Russian (Русский), Spanish (Español), Swahili (Kiswahili), and Simplified Chinese (简体中文)from *Biblica Study Notes* © 2023 Biblica Inc. Released under CC BY\-SA 4\.0 license by Mission Mutual



--------------------------------


## James (id: 499054)

**What is the book of James?**

* The book of James is a letter from Jesus’ brother James.
* It’s thought that James wrote it around the year AD 49\.

**Who was James written to?**

* It isn’t known exactly who James was written to. It’s thought that it was to Jewish believers living outside of Israel. James called them the 12 tribes scattered among the nations. These may have been Jewish believers who escaped from Jerusalem after Stephen’s death.
* Followers of Jesus recognise that James shares the truth about Jesus. It’s for all people everywhere.

**Why was James written?**

* To encourage believers to practice holy living.
* To share wisdom that helps believers with holy living.

**Main ideas**

* Putting faith into action.
* Being tested and tempted.
* Following God’s wisdom instead of the devil’s wisdom.
* Rich people and poor people.

**Outline**

**Greetings (1:1\).**

**Facing troubles (1:2–18\).**

**Listening to the word of God and doing what it says (1:19 – 2:26\).**

**The power of words (3:1–12\).**

**Wisdom and being humble (3:13 – 4:17\).**

**Being fair and patient (5:1–11\).**

**Powerful words and prayers (5:12–20\).**

* **Associated Passages:** James 1:1

