# Study Notes - Book Intros (Biblica)

**Biblica Study Notes (Book Intros)** © 2023 Biblica Inc. Released under CC BY\-SA 4\.0 license. *Biblica Study Notes* has been adapted in the following languages: Tok Pisin, Arabic (عربي), French (Français), Hindi (हिंदी), Indonesian (Bahasa Indonesia), Portuguese (Português), Russian (Русский), Spanish (Español), Swahili (Kiswahili), and Simplified Chinese (简体中文)from *Biblica Study Notes* © 2023 Biblica Inc. Released under CC BY\-SA 4\.0 license by Mission Mutual



--------------------------------

## 2 Peter (id: 499056)

**What is the book of 2 Peter?**

* The book of 2 Peter is a letter from Peter.
* It’s thought that Peter wrote this letter from Rome. It’s thought that he wrote it around year AD 67\.
* The New Testament includes two letters from Peter. This is the second letter.

**Who was 2 Peter written to?**

* It isn’t known exactly who 2 Peter was written to. It was to believers.
* These may have been the same believers Peter wrote to in 1 Peter. They were in the Roman territories now known as Turkey.
* Followers of Jesus recognise that 2 Peter shares the truth about Jesus. It’s for all people everywhere.

**Why was 2 Peter written?**

* To oppose people who were teaching false things about Jesus.
* To encourage believers to live in ways that please God.
* To help believers to be ready for Jesus’ return.

**Main ideas**

* God’s grace makes believers able to live holy lives even when they are opposed.
* Believers must keep growing in the faith and mustn’t believe false teaching.
* Jesus will return.
* God is patient because he wants people to turn away from sin.

**Outline**

**Greetings (1:1–2\).**

**The need to live a holy life (1:3–11\).**

**Remembering what faith is based on (1:12–21\).**

**Refusing to believe false teachers (2\).**

**The last days and the day of the Lord (3:1–16\).**

**Final greetings (3:17–18\).**

* **Associated Passages:** 2 Peter 1:1

