# Study Notes - Book Intros (Biblica)

**Biblica Study Notes (Book Intros)** © 2023 Biblica Inc. Released under CC BY\-SA 4\.0 license. *Biblica Study Notes* has been adapted in the following languages: Tok Pisin, Arabic (عربي), French (Français), Hindi (हिंदी), Indonesian (Bahasa Indonesia), Portuguese (Português), Russian (Русский), Spanish (Español), Swahili (Kiswahili), and Simplified Chinese (简体中文)from *Biblica Study Notes* © 2023 Biblica Inc. Released under CC BY\-SA 4\.0 license by Mission Mutual



--------------------------------

## 3 John (id: 499059)

**What is the book of 3 John?**

* The book of 3 John is a letter. The letter doesn’t say who the writer was. It’s thought that the apostle John wrote it. The way the letter is written is very much like 1 John and 2 John.
* It’s thought that John wrote this letter around the year AD 90\.
* The New Testament includes three letters that are thought to be written by John. This is the third letter.

**Who was 3 John written to?**

* To a believer named Gaius. It’s thought that Gaius was a church leader in the area of Ephesus.
* Followers of Jesus recognise that 3 John shares the truth about Jesus. It’s for all people everywhere.

**Why was 3 John written?**

* To ask Gaius to help some believers who were travelling.
* To warn Gaius not to be like another church leader named Diotrephes.

**Main ideas**

* Staying faithful to the truth about Jesus.
* Serving other believers and working together with them.
* Doing good.

**Outline**

**Greetings (1:1–2\).**

**John encourages Gaius (1:3–8\).**

**John warns against Diotrephes (1:9–11\).**

**The good example of Demetrius (1:12\).**

**Final greetings (1:13–15\).**

* **Associated Passages:** 3JN 1:1

