# Study Notes - Book Intros (Biblica)

**Biblica Study Notes (Book Intros)** © 2023 Biblica Inc. Released under CC BY\-SA 4\.0 license. *Biblica Study Notes* has been adapted in the following languages: Tok Pisin, Arabic (عربي), French (Français), Hindi (हिंदी), Indonesian (Bahasa Indonesia), Portuguese (Português), Russian (Русский), Spanish (Español), Swahili (Kiswahili), and Simplified Chinese (简体中文)from *Biblica Study Notes* © 2023 Biblica Inc. Released under CC BY\-SA 4\.0 license by Mission Mutual



--------------------------------

## Jude (id: 499060)

**What is the book of** **Jude?**

* The book of Jude is a letter from Jesus’ brother Jude.
* It’s thought that Jude wrote it around the year AD 65\.

**Who was Jude written to?**

* It isn’t known exactly who Jude was written to. It’s thought that it was to Jewish believers.
* The letters of 2 Peter and Jude are alike in many ways. Jude may have been writing to the same believers mentioned in 2 Peter. They were in the Roman territory now known as Turkey.
* Followers of Jesus recognise that Jude shares the truth about Jesus. It’s for all people everywhere.

**Why was Jude written?**

* To warn the believers about false teachers.
* To encourage the believers to grow strong in the faith.
* To invite the false teachers to turn away from their sin.

**Main ideas**

* Holding on to true faith and refusing to believe teaching that is false.
* Reminding believers that ungodly people will be destroyed.
* Remaining in God’s love.

**Outline**

**Greetings (1:1–2\).**

**Recognising false teachers (1:3–19\).**

**Staying together by remaining in God’s love (1:20–23\).**

**Praise to God (1:24–25\).**

* **Associated Passages:** JUD 1:1

